Add info about `IPublishedContentQuery` in background task (#6997)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/implementation/services/README.md

}
```

#### Accessing the Published Content Cache via IPublishedContentQuery

> Sometimes, you may need to fetch multiple content items by ID, but `UmbracoContext.Content` only allows fetching a single content item at a time. For more information, see the [IPublishedContentQuery](../../reference/querying/ipublishedcontentquery.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to fetch multiple content items by ID, using UmbracoContext.Content is limited because it only allows retrieving one content item at a time. To query multiple items efficiently, you can use IPublishedContentQuery. For more details, see the [IPublishedContentQuery](../../reference/querying/ipublishedcontentquery.md) article.
```

> When you need to fetch multiple content items by ID, using UmbracoContext.Content is limited because it only allows retrieving one content item at a time. To query multiple items efficiently, you can use IPublishedContentQuery. For more details, see the [IPublishedContentQuery](../../reference/querying/ipublishedcontentquery.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When fetching multiple content items by ID, using `UmbracoContext.Content` is limited because it only allows retrieving one item at a time. To query multiple items efficiently, you can use `IPublishedContentQuery`. For more details, see the [IPublishedContentQuery](../../reference/querying/ipublishedcontentquery.md) article.
```

}
```

#### Accessing the Published Content Cache via IPublishedContentQuery

> {% hint style="warning" %}
> Sometimes you may want to fetch multiple content items from ids, where `UmbracoContext.Content` only allow to fetch a single content item by id.
> However in a background task accessing content cache from injected `IPublishedContentQuery` or `IPublishedContentQueryAccessor` won't work as these rely on `HttpContext`.
> Innstead the following can be used.
> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may need to fetch multiple content items by ID, but `UmbracoContext.Content` only allows fetching a single content item at a time.  

{% hint style="warning" %}
In a background task, accessing the content cache using an injected `IPublishedContentQuery` or `IPublishedContentQueryAccessor` will not work, as they rely on `HttpContext`.  
{% endhint %}

Instead, use the following approach:  
```
